add dev- and add user-manual (#9)
Gamify-IT/crosswordpuzzle: README.md

npm run dev
```

### Build

Build the Docker-Container
```sh
docker build -t crosswordpuzzle-dev
```
And run it at port 8000 with
```sh
docker run -d -p 8000:80 --name crosswordpuzzle-dev crosswordpuzzle-dev
```

To monitor, stop and remove the container you can use the following commands:
```sh
docker ps -a -f name=crosswordpuzzle-dev
```
```sh
docker stop crosswordpuzzle-dev
```
```sh
docker rm crosswordpuzzle-dev
```

## User manual

Run the docker container with the following commang at port 8000:
```sh
docker run -d -p 8000:80 --name crosswordpuzzle ghcr.io/gamify-it/crosswordpuzzle:latest
```
Now you can access it at [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000).  

> To acces it external replace localhost with your IP.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access it externally replace localhost with your IP.  
```

To monitor the container you can use the following commands:
```sh
docker ps -a -f name=crosswordpuzzle
```
To stop the container you can use the following commands:
```sh
docker stop crosswordpuzzle
```
To remove the container you can use the following commands:
```sh
docker rm crosswordpuzzle
```

### Screenshot

> ![example auto genderated crosswordpuzzle](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/946034796243595284/975526829773426758/unknown.png "crosswordpuzzle")

Reviewer: I would either recommend
a) copy-pasting the image into the GitHub editor so that it will be stored on GitHubs servers.
or
b) Adding a docs (or screenshots) directory where you upload the picture to be able to update it automatically.

Author: Yeah I will do a). I didn't know the possibility to host the images such easy at github
